Hi Alexi,

Here is my feedback. I will start with the website for the counselors

first.

The first point is a design one. It would be good if it could mimic the

UCR homepage. That is, a thick plum bar at the top, and then on the left top,

the UCR logo. Second point is that University College Roosevelt, um, appears at

the top left. That can go because it's already in the logo. Third, the new

heading should now be: "See how the UCR program compares to other

bachelor's programs," or something of that kind; it can be shorter. And

then finally, rather than examples, there should be a whole list of the

degrees. They can then be filtered by maybe discipline, maybe by location,

maybe by university, maybe by Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts. We need

to think a little bit, but several filters are needed so that counselors can

then filter through the programs. When counselors then click on the degree, it

opens up the comparison view, which shows the program that was clicked on

versus the UCR programs with a great depth, medium depth, and hardly any depth.

You know which ones I mean.

Then on to the tool for students.

1. Similar as above, a big purple bar at the top,      followed by the UCR logo in the top left. Maybe scrap UCR Pathways.
2. Title becomes: We are happy to share your      personalized program options.
3. Replace your interest with a little paragraph      text. Something along the lines of: "You told us that..." and      then quoting what the student had originally put in.
4. Followed by, “For us, this means that...”      Followed by our paraphrased summary of what we think their interests are.
5. Then a piece of text with two buttons. The text      says, "Based on this, we have prepared a possible UCR program for      you." Within two buttons: Button one says "View My Personalized      Program." Button two says "See How This Program Compares."

Each button should link to the separate screens. The first one links to

the semester plans, which shows what the UCR program can look like. We need to

add a disclaimer at the bottom. Please use the one that's on the butterfly,

printed butterfly. The second button should link to the comparison page that

you have made.

Then, in the comparisons, rename them. Rather than saying "greatest

disciplinary depth," "more balanced interest," and

"broader," rather use "strong match", "close match

with some interesting options," and for the final one, "off the

beaten track, but still right up your alley."

Then finally, at the bottom, again two calls to action. A paragraph text

should say: "Do you like this program and would like to find out more?”

 Then one button that says; “speak to Admissions” (which links to book a

call with admissions), and a second button saying; "tweak this program to

your liking" (which links to the program builder).

I hope this helps.

Kind regards,

Etienne