UCR PATHWAYS — STUDENT APP COMMAND REFERENCE

Run commands from the repository root.
Real student records and generated access codes must never be committed to GitHub.


ROUTINE PRODUCTION

1. Put every completed JSON record directly in:

private/student-records

Then register all new records with one command:

Rscript scripts/add-students-private.R

Registration is all-or-nothing and does not deploy the app. Repeat these two
steps for additional batches as needed. The complete cumulative record-ID/code
mapping is refreshed after every registration and saved in:

private/student-last-batch-codes.csv

The historical filename is retained so that the workflow continues to use one
operator-facing code file rather than creating overlapping code sheets.

If the private folder already contains earlier records and access codes,
registration treats them as the starting cumulative dataset. It preserves every
existing record and code, updates only the dataset metadata when necessary, and
appends the new record(s). Do not delete or move earlier records before running
registration.

2. When ready, validate and deploy all accumulated records once:

Rscript scripts/validate-and-deploy-student.R

If the shinyapps.io account is not already selected, use this version instead:

Rscript scripts/validate-and-deploy-student.R --account=YOUR_ACCOUNT

Distribute the new access codes only after deployment completes successfully.


USEFUL ALTERNATIVES

Validate the complete dataset and deployment bundle without deploying:

Rscript scripts/validate-and-deploy-student.R --check-only

Compatibility fallback: import one completed record from another location:

Rscript scripts/add-student-private.R --record="C:/path/to/p-006.json"

This is a thin wrapper around the same cumulative registration process. It can
therefore migrate the same legacy or five-case private dataset as the routine
registration command.

Create an empty cumulative production dataset explicitly (normally unnecessary):

Rscript scripts/add-student-private.R --init


ONE-TIME SETUP

Install the required R packages:

Rscript -e "install.packages(c('shiny','jsonlite','openssl','rsconnect'))"

Authorize the relevant shinyapps.io account once by running the
rsconnect::setAccountInfo(...) command supplied under Account > Tokens in the
shinyapps.io dashboard. Keep the token and secret outside GitHub.


LOCAL DEVELOPMENT AND PRIVATE-DATA TESTING

Run the public-development student app locally:

Rscript -e "shiny::runApp('pilot/shiny')"

Create the disposable five-case private test dataset:

Rscript scripts/init-student-private-test.R

Validate that test dataset and its exact deployment bundle without deploying:

Rscript scripts/validate-and-deploy-student.R --check-only

Replace an existing five-case test dataset and rotate its test codes:

Rscript scripts/init-student-private-test.R --reset-test

The disposable five-case dataset cannot be deployed over the live student app.
